6 - everyone is that removes that you're
commenting and well we are our new
video tell us dark what is this
I play these plants against zombies worth
I admit it and I always thought that game
It was crap but I do not love this
I'm playing a single game
services and in the end I bought it and for
true of my complement especially
because for what therefore I am
bringing the openings of the envelopes
the special edition that I know of but
good good
- I got a ticket or it was a like a
check these to work in the
store that I put is so special I
I bought normal so I 'm not sure to
the best thing that is to all what is ebro or
not here I bring you that the envelopes that was
opening and I 'm going to tell you about
many things but surely nothing
I'll edit one of my first game of
plants against zombies
And besides, I'll also play a lot
play with friends good every thing to your
time but for now I just have that
as rank 1 had just downloaded better
and he just wanted to download me
good to open the envelopes special edition
as it indicates
It caught my attention a lot
example access to kisses for the mode
12 in cement or for bread mode
life your prudence as you want
and it's because I am and I tell you is that
see your colony buy this game first
I'm looking for youtube videos that
boxing are good that explains what
was to see what brings you finally
special because I have reserved it
booked booked the previous day as well
I do not know for sure, do not sing victory
that you only have all of them and there's no
nor that nobody is going to have it
and good and little more and commented
in the end
that is one of the most watched videos what
called the full and if surely what
I will buy but later after the
exit date why why why
I like to spend all my money in the
plants against zombies because every day
a little and good with this mix that the
kids the favorites and all that gave me
very much and good
bye